## How Do I Contribute?

In this section, we discuss how to publish your extension.

- [How Do I Contribute?](#how-do-i-contribute)
  - [What are the basic needs?](#what-are-the-basic-needs)
  - [Application setup](#application-setup)
  - [.starter](#starter)
  - [Make a release](#make-a-release)

### What are the basic needs?

1. Any environment that can use in `Windows`.\
   Like `Java Runtime`, `Python` etc.
2. Any language that can run on mentioned environment.\
   Like `Java`, `Kotlin`, `Python`, etc.
3. Extension needs to relate to the `hotspot`.\
   Because it's for `Hotspot Maker`
4. Cloud space to store projects.\
   `GitHub` (recommended), `Google Drive`, etc.
5. A copy of [Extensions.jar](https://github.com/NaveenB2004/HotspotMaker/raw/main/Extensions/Application/Binary/Extensions.jar).\
   To create, update & read `.starter` (easiest way). To run it, you also need `Java Runtime` ([download from here!](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/jdk17-archive-downloads.html) - v17.x of `JDK`)

### Application setup

> All extensions will trigger with `CMD`.

`Hotspot Maker` needs to get the version of the application each time it triggers. So, you should make sure to add `return` of `version number` when the extension is called with `-v` *command-line argument*.

> For example, I have an application `Tester.xyz`. I'm passing argument `Tester.xyz -v`. Then the application `returns` a *command-line* log `0.1`. It's the version of the `Tester.xyz` extension.

> Also, it's possible to trigger the extension with `Runtime`. Like in `Java`, the `jar` packages are executed with the `java -jar myApp.jar`. So, don't worry about that. You will find out more about it in the next section.

### .starter

You need to create a new file **without name**. The **file extension** should be `.starter`. We recommend that the `.starter` be placed in the project's root directory. The updating process will discuss in the next section.

### Make a release

After you made it to production-ready, you **must** follow these steps to pack the extension.

1. Make sure to place the `.starter` in your root directory.
2. No installers. Just extension files (I mean like portable)
3. Package must be a `.zip`.

After the zipping, the package looks like this :
```
Tester.zip
|- .starter
|- <extension folder 1>
|   |-- <extension folder 1.1>
|       |--- <extension file 1>
|- <extension folder 2>
|   |-- <extension file 2>
|
|
```
> You can put your launcher in any place. But make sure the `.starter` is in the root directory in the `.zip`.

After the packaging, you need to put the `.zip` on the cloud and generate a direct download link to it.

> In `GitHub Releases`, you can get the direct link to the `.zip`.

***

[< Previous-Page][back] | [Next-Page >][next]

[back]: 01.%20How%20Extensions%20Works.md "How Extensions Work?"
[next]: 03.%20Starter%20File.md "Starter File"